capital = 64

oob = "GER_1952"
set_naval_oob = "GER_1952_Naval"
set_research_slots = 5
set_stability = 0.81
set_war_support = 0.94
set_convoys = 237
air_experience = 30

set_technology = {
	fly_wing_tech = 1
	railway_rocket_complex = 1
}

set_popularities = {
	left_nationalism = 5
	etatism = 2
	occult_nazism = 93
}

recruit_character = GER_cummler
recruit_character = GER_albert_speer
recruit_character = GER_berner_brown
recruit_character = GER_werner_heisenberg
recruit_character = GER_kurt_agricola
recruit_character = GER_theodor_eicke
recruit_character = GER_oswald_pohl
recruit_character = GER_josef_dietrich
recruit_character = GER_paul_hausser
recruit_character = GER_felix_stainer
recruit_character = GER_gottlob_berger
recruit_character = GER_karl_wolff
recruit_character = GER_ernst_kaltenbrunner
recruit_character = GER_gustav_kappler
recruit_character = GER_odilo_globotschnig
recruit_character = GER_alexander_andrae
recruit_character = GER_philip_bouler
recruit_character = GER_walter_kruger
recruit_character = GER_ulrich_greifelt
recruit_character = GER_gregor_ebner
recruit_character = GER_august_frank
recruit_character = GER_erwin_rosener
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_keppler
recruit_character = GER_Walter_Model
recruit_character = GER_Alfred_Rosenberg
recruit_character = GER_Hellmuth_Becker
recruit_character = GER_Franz_Bohme
recruit_character = GER_Oskar_Dirlewanger
recruit_character = GER_Heinrich_Gross
recruit_character = GER_Curt_von_Gottberg
recruit_character = GER_artur_axmann
recruit_character = GER_Bruno_Brauer
recruit_character = GER_Herbert_Bottcher
recruit_character = GER_Josef_Mengele
recruit_character = GER_August_Hirt
recruit_character = GER_Sigmund_Rascher
recruit_character = GER_Kurt_Pletner
recruit_character = GER_Karl_Gebhardt 
recruit_character = GER_Wilhelm_Beigelbock
recruit_character = GER_Walther_Wust
recruit_character = GER_Jakob_Hauer
recruit_character = GER_Otto_Remer
recruit_character = GER_Hanna_Reitsch
recruit_character = GER_Werner_Baumbach
recruit_character = GER_Horten_Brothers
recruit_character = GER_Otto_Skorzeny
recruit_character = GER_Edgar_Petersen
recruit_character = GER_Walther_Wewer
recruit_character = GER_Erich_Hartmann
recruit_character = GER_Fritz_Frauenheym

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = occult_nazism
}

add_ideas = {
  GER_occult_reich
  GER_dechristination_germany
  GER_triumph_wunderwaffe
  GER_confrontation_af_suborbital
  GER_biological_experiment
  GER_search_legacy
  GER_european_confederation
  GER_verband
}



